docs: update unit_testing_rules to cover missing and stale samples (#9065)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/unit_testing_rules.md

# Expanding notation:
#     'a+bxc' becomes 'a a+b a+(2*b) a+(3*b) … a+(c*b)'
#     'a-bxc' becomes 'a a-b a-(2*b) a-(3*b) … a-(c*b)'

> # There are special values to indicates missing and stale series:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# There are special values to indicate missing and stale series:
```

> # There are special values to indicate missing and stale series:
> #    '_' represents a missing series from scrape
> #    'stale' indicates a stale series

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# There are special values to indicate missing and stale samples:
#    '_' represents a missing sample from scrape
#    'stale' indicates a stale sample
```
